The Timer Plug-in:
==================

  The timer plug-in, is an example of a SignalPlugin. It demonstrates two 
important things. How to use a internal directory structure for your 
attachments, and how to write a SignalPlugin the correct way.


Attachment Commands:
--------------------

  The timer plug-in has several commands that are quite useful if you want to
make timed alerts for yourself. An example might be if you put your clothes in
the washer and you want to make sure you are reminded when to put them in the
drier. The following is a complete listing of the commands for the timer 
plug-in attachment:

status    Returns the status of the TimerPlug as a string. It contains a count
		  of the number of timers currently running.
		  
timers    Returns a list of dictionaries with two keys 'Created', and 'Ends'. 
		  These represent when each of the timers were created and when they
		  end.
		 
add		  Add with three variables, first is seconds, second is minutes, third 
		  is hours. Eg. 'add 0 30 2' computes to a timer that will go off in 
		  two and a half hours. If you just want a timer to go off in 2 minutes
		  you can do one of the two commands 'add 120' or 'add 0 2'.
		  
kill	  Stops the all running timers and deactivates the TimerPlug.

closeall  Closes all open connections to the TimerPlug.

stopall   Stops all running timers.

rm		  Remove a timer by its index in a list. (See 'timers' command.)

arand	  Add a timer for a random amount of time between two numbers. If only 
		  one number is given then it will act as the minimum the random number
		  can be. If no numbers are given, then it will take both the max and 
		  min from the configuration file. See 'maxrand' and 'minrand' 
		  variables.
		  
port	  Get the port to connect to on the current host that the alert msg 
		  will signal down
         
         
CFG Variables:
--------------

The configuration file has 3 variables:

port	  This is the port number the SignalPlugin will bind to to send 
		  alternate alert messages down. (It will also send it to the other
		  interfaces and Alerters connected, but that takes longer, if you
		  connect to the port you will get it INSTANTLY!). The port defaults to
		  port 8081.
		  
maxrand   This is the maximum random number that the 'arand' function will use
		  as its range. The default is 3600, which equates to 1 hour.*
		
minrand   This is the minimum random number that the 'arand' function will use
		  as its range. The default is 20, which equates to 20 seconds.*
		  		  
	*The two random numbers can not be lower than 1, and the max if lower than
	 min, will be swapped automatically.



There is one variables that is automatically added by SMTG:

makeactive  This is added to auto-activate the SignalPlugin, but since the timer
			plug-in automatically purges all active timers when it closes, it 
			forces this to be false. This is can not be reset. So ignore it.


Three variables that can be added by you and the daemon understands (standard 
for all attachments though):

load	   This is a boolean variable that the daemon checks to see whether it
		   should even load it into the system. If this is false, then it will 
		   be ignored and forgotten. This is helpful if the TimerPlug is never 
		   used by you, and you want to hide it from being loaded. 

require    This tells SMTG that if the attachment has trouble loading and can't
		   be loaded, then don't bother starting. It requires that the 
		   attachment work before for SMTG will.


Questions:
----------

If you have any questions, please feel free to send me a question via my 
website: dstar4138.com
